Feature Fix: Debug and repair the Guesty Properties calendar tab in property detail pages
Module: Guesty Properties > Property Detail View > Calendar Tab

Goal
Review, debug, and fix the calendar tab on each Guesty property’s detail page. The calendar tab should display a reservation calendar using data pulled from the property’s submitted iCal link. This functionality should work across every Guesty property page.

Current Problem (To Investigate)
The calendar tab does not load reservation data correctly or fails to display the calendar for Guesty properties.

The problem may be related to:

Incorrect or missing iCal URLs

iCal fetch/parse failure

Component rendering error

Improper routing or missing propertyId

UI not recognizing Guesty-linked properties as valid input

Fix Requirements
1. iCal Integration Review
Ensure each Guesty property has a valid icalUrl value in its property record.

For each property page, the iCal link should be fetched using:

A GET request to /api/properties/:id/calendar

A parser function that extracts events from the .ics feed and returns:

ts
Copy
Edit
[
  {
    start: "2024-07-01T16:00:00Z",
    end: "2024-07-04T10:00:00Z",
    title: "Guest Reservation",
    uid: "event-uuid-456"
  }
]
Review the parseICalFeed() function and ensure it:

Handles empty or malformed feeds

Supports Guesty .ics format

Returns valid events to the frontend

2. Frontend Calendar Component Validation
Confirm the PropertyCalendar.tsx component:

Fetches data using propertyId correctly

Displays a monthly calendar with event blocks

Handles empty states, errors, and loading correctly

Parses and renders guest reservations without throwing rendering errors

Make sure the calendar displays inside the Calendar tab of each property detail view under Guesty Properties.

3. Routing & Access Logic
Confirm that routes like /guesty-properties/:id/calendar are correctly passing the propertyId to the calendar component.

Ensure the icalUrl is being correctly passed from the backend (or fetched using GET /properties/:id).

Error Handling & Logging
If no icalUrl is found, show an appropriate message: "No calendar available for this property."

Log parsing failures in the backend and display a user-facing fallback message.

Use loading states and graceful fallbacks to avoid white screens or broken components.

Testing Checklist
Perform the following tests across several Guesty properties:

Open detail page → click Calendar tab → confirm calendar renders

Validate that reservation blocks are showing with correct dates

Confirm loading, error, and empty states work

Test for long and overlapping reservations

Confirm at least 5 different Guesty properties function as expected

